DOC Clarify 'ovr' as the default strategy in the SVM documentation (#29651)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/svm.rst

--------------------------

> :class:`SVC` and :class:`NuSVC` implement the "one-versus-one"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`SVC` and :class:`NuSVC` implement the "one-versus-one" ('ovo')
```

approach for multi-class classification, which constructs
``n_classes * (n_classes - 1) / 2``

> classifiers, with each one training data from two classes.
> By default, however, the `decision_function_shape` parameter is set to `'ovr'` 
> (one-vs-rest), providing a consistent interface with other classifiers.
> 
> The ``decision_function_shape`` option allows for the results of the "one-versus-one"
> classifiers to be monotonically transformed into a "one-vs-rest" decision
> function of shape ``(n_samples, n_classes)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
classifiers, each trained on data from two classes. Internally, the solver
always uses this ovo strategy to train the models. However, by default, the
`decision_function_shape` parameter is set to `'ovr'` (one-vs-rest), to have
a consistent interface with other classifiers by transforming the ovo results
into a "one-vs-rest" decision matrix of shape ``(n_samples, n_classes)``.
```
